>> Estelle Weyl: So
background shorthand property.
The background shorthand
property is image,
the background position,
slash background size,
repeat or no repeat,
background attachment,
background origin, background clip.
Comma, image number 2, the position,
slash size, repeat attachment.
Border origin and clip and
then you put the color.
The background color, so
the color is declared on the last one.
If you're using background shorthand.
This is why I suggest never using this.
Cuz who here has ever learned this syntax?
One person.
And that's one person cuz I
can't raise my hand, cuz I fail.
I get something wrong.
So my recommendation is do not
use background shorthand but
you can do whatever you want but
this is my suggestion.
But mostly realise if you use background
and you just change the background colour
to blue and you use background blue,
you've overwritten all of this.
So if you are gonna name four of these
properties you need at least four, sure,
use it.
But if you're just changing
the background image,
just use the background image property.
If you're just using the background
origin, just switch that one property.
If you're naming lots of them then go for
it.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so here we can play
with the shark because the shark actually
has an aspect ratio and
this is saying I want this image.
>> Estelle Weyl: The position is at 0,0.
>> Estelle Weyl: The size is 30
pixels by 30 pixels, repeating,
scrolling, and then the clip in origin.
>> Estelle Weyl: Nope,
it's origin and clip.
You see, I forgot already.
So play with this for 30 seconds.
And just see if we actually do contain.
>> Estelle Weyl: That doesn't work.
But that is a background size,
no that was the origin.
0, 0, if I do contain.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay,
so apparently I lied.
But I didn't lie.
>> Estelle Weyl: So remember how I
said that the shark will grow if you
use contain?
It's actually repeating
in both directions.
And I think it might be
because I'm using a hokey.
>> Estelle Weyl: Let's just
see if I do that on the HTML.
No.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz you have repeat.
>> Estelle Weyl: No, but the thing is,
it should only repeat in one direction,
not both.
>> Speaker 2: I see.
>> Estelle Weyl: Cuz I thought contain
actually made it grow in one direction.
So let's just do,
>> Estelle Weyl: What's
going on here is I'm,
>> Estelle Weyl: I
want to do border box and border box.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
then I'm gonna put style back in.
Okay, so that looks like it went
from the top to the bottom.
So you see it repeated in one direction,
whereas before the shark had grown when
I said, both of them I said contain.
How many people have put a background
image on a style block before?
>> Estelle Weyl: This is my
first time too, kinda funny.
Okay.
>> Estelle Weyl: I don't know
why it's repeating, okay.
So, let's do cover.
Now with cover,
there is no point to put in repeat,
because it's never gonna repeat cuz it's
always gonna take up the whole thing.
And then I'm gonna put this on the style
right here and so
it is covering the style.
But the shark is the width
of my style block, right?
And the reason it's cut off is
because to make it that wide,
it had to make it really tall.
>> Estelle Weyl: If I do,
>> Estelle Weyl: That's scary.
>> Estelle Weyl: There,
my shark is eating everyone.
That's cool.
So I basically put it
vertically at the 70% mark.
And now, since no one can read it,
I hope you're playing along.
That's cover.
What else would you like for
me to do with this shark?
So, here I just declared 50 pixels.
So that's gonna be,
>> Estelle Weyl: The width of it,
I believe.
And then the height is gonna be automatic.
It's gonna be auto.
It says if I did auto.
>> Estelle Weyl: I could also do auto here
and basically say I want it to be 100
pixels tall and I don't care how wide it
has to be, just use the aspect ratio.
Or, I could do 400 and
just completely make an obese shark.
He looks much friendlier there,
doesn't he?
Let's make him look super friendly.
There, now he's just smiling.
Okay, so that's the background properties.